Reword absent Boolean prop customization note (#1986)
vuejs/docs: src/guide/components/props.md

- An absent optional prop other than `Boolean` will have `undefined` value.

> - The `Boolean` absent props will be cast to `false`. (You can change this by setting a `default` for it — ie: `default: undefined` to behave as a non-Boolean prop).

Reviewer: **suggestion**: a few little punctuation fixes
```suggestion
- The `Boolean` absent props will be cast to `false`. You can change this by setting a `default` for it — i.e.: `default: undefined` to behave as a non-Boolean prop.
```
